# Coloured-Gems-Will-Take-The-Spotlight-in-2022
How and when did you start your journey into the field of jewellery?  We started our journey into jewellery when we were expecting our son in 2001. We founded the brand in late 2001 and incorporated it in early 2002. The brand is named after our son Arnav.  Tell us more about the Arnav brand. When was it founded and how has it expanded over the years?  We envisioned Arnav to be a design-centric jewellery studio, where our mantra was to cater to the client’s expression and desire to own a one-of-a-kind piece.  We wanted every client to feel special and wear jewellery that was as unique as her personality.  We are proud to say that each of our clients has become a member of our extended family and have placed their trust in us, which is invaluable. These clients are now encouraging their children to get their jewellery designed by us, hence continuing the deep emotional relationship that we’ve established over the past two decades.  Jewel Box by Arnav is all about silver jewellery available across various price points. When did you start it?  We started Jewel Box by Arnav in December 2019, as a curated platform of handcrafted and unique designer jewellery from across India. We want to showcase the rich heritage and impeccable workmanship of the country to the young Indian with a global outlook. We have not restricted ourselves to only silver; we have jewellery in gold, diamonds, silver, brass, wood, beads, etc. The starting price point is from Rs.2,000 onwards.  Jewel Box is a multi-brand store. Tell us about the idea of promoting other brands under your brand … What does it require to qualify being sold under Arnav?  Yes, Jewel Box by Arnav is a multi-brand jewellery store. Any jewellery designer or brand that has its roots in India and reflects the Indian soul is welcome to be a part of Jewel Box by Arnav.  Arnav was among the first brands that began repurposing jewellery for clients. Tell us more about it.  Jewellery is very deeply linked to universal emotions – be it celebration of milestones or important events in one’s life.  Jewellery also is passed on from one generation to the next and usually outlives the owner – therefore, it carries a lot of sentimental value, and it is not just about the piece’s antique value and heritage craftsmanship.  However, today’s lifestyle has made the jewellery wearability impractical to the inheritor, thereby making the piece redundant and locked up in treasure chests; and many a times, it’s sold or melted for its intrinsic value.  We understood this very early on and hence started to repurpose jewellery for its owners, so that the emotional appeal stays intact without compromising on its antique value. The reconfigured pieces with a contemporary slant help the owner wear the piece/s frequently … We help them make a practical choice that is suitable to today’s lifestyle without losing its heritage status.  To know more: https://gjepc.org/solitaire/coloured-gems-will-take-the-spotlight-in-2022/
